Greeting for Columbia, Missouri, USA...

The software contained here is freeware/public domain.  I am the author,
and I really couldn't care less what you do with it as long as you don't
do anything illegal with it.  

Anyway, this is a shell for a tsr that can handle file i/o.  I have it 
set up so that you can use either the print screen key or a function 
key to start the interrupt.  This was written on a machine that has 
ms-dos 6.2 with Borland C++ 3.1.  It should work on dos 5.0+, but I 
haven't tested it, and since I don't have dos 5.0 anymore, it's kind of  
hard to test.

The origin behind this a senior capstone project that involved a caller 
id card that generated an interrupt, then sent the data serially.  The 
software worked great, but the hardware really didn't.  Anyway, this 
base is designed to be rock solid in dos, and to accept an interrupt 
anytime but wait for dos to become inactive if necessary.  Serial data
transmission isn't any different in tsrs than it is for DOS, so you can
pick those routines up about anywhere.  

Anyway, it would be prudent to delete any functions that you aren't 
using, because they still take up memory.

Included is an example program that redirects the print screen button 
to a program that captures the screen and appends it to a file.  All
source code is included.  Re-write, re-compile, re-distribute to your
hearts content.  

Looking for good source books with tsrs?  try the following:

C: Power Users guide by Herbert Schildt.  1988.  ISBN 0-07-881307-7
There is a second edition of this book available as well.

Born to Code in C by Herbert Schildt.  1989. ISBN 0-07-881468-5

Both are published by McGraw Hill.  I'd recommend getting the first 
book before the Born to Code book because it refers back to the 
C: Power Users book on a frequent basis.  Actually, I'd recommend just  
about any Schildt book.  

                                Scott Hall
                                U. of Missouri-Columbia
                                Electrical & Computer Engineering
                                shall01@bigcat.missouri.edu
                                12/8/94

